[Autogenerated] terra form state data is the information that maps
what's in your configuration to the real world resources that have
been deployed in your public cloud provider.
So, for instance,
if you define a VPC called pure VPC in the terra form config
that maps to a vpc IDE in the state file,
which maps to an actual VPC in AWS Now when you
deploy a configuration via terra form,
if you don't tell it where to put that state data,
it's gonna put it locally in the same directory Azure configuration.
And that's fine when you get started with your development projects.
But as you progress through your ______ form journey,
you may want to move that state data somewhere else.
Why would you want to do that?
Well, for one reason, that data is kind of important,
and your laptop or desktop may not be the safest
place for that state data to live.
Laptops get lost.
Hard drives get corrupted.
Let's safeguard that state data by putting it somewhere a little more robust.
The other reason is moving your state data to remote location enables team
collaboration because other team members can also point at that remote
state and work on the same configuration as you.
That remote state can also be used as a data source for another team that
wants to pull information about one of your deployments.
So it really supports two different kinds of team collaboration.
The location of your state data is referred to as a back end.
The local back end is when Terra Form stores your data locally
in the same directory Azure configuration.
But there's also a bunch of other supported back ends,
including remote back ends.
Now there's basically two categories of back ends.
There's standard and enhanced enhanced means.
Not only does it store the state data for you,
but it actually also runs the terra form processes.
So technically,
the local back end is enhanced because it's storing both the
state data and running the terra form processes.
These only other back ends that are enhanced our terra
form cloud and terra form enterprise, So those would be your enhanced back ends.
Everything else is considered standard.
There are also some special features that are supported by some back ends,
but not all of them.
One is the concept of locking when you are making changes to the state data.
You don't want anybody else interfering with those changes
and making other changes simultaneously.
So back ends that support locking will prevent any changes to the
state data outside of what you're doing at the moment.
Another special feature is that of workspaces and workspaces
are the capability that Terra Form has of using the same
configuration for multiple environments.
Basically, it's using a single configuration,
but different state data for each environment that you want
to use and that state data is stored in a works based
construct some back and support it.
Some don't. Now, how does AWS stack up in all of this?